So we're done with this module, a long module
but we built an entire app and I hope you learned a lot about Flutter, about a couple of widgets which
we haven't used thus far and most importantly of course, about navigation and passing data back and forth.
There we added a lot of features and you learned all about the core basics there, like what screens
or routes pages,
these are all just different terms for the same things, are. That they are just widgets in the end but
widgets which you use to control the entire page or at least, a significant part of it. That the Flutter
navigator allows you to switch between these pages with push, pop and replace. That you can use named
routes or unnamed routes
and of course that you can also pass data between these routes. You can pass them as arguments, either
directly as an argument to the constructor if you're using non-named routes or via the arguments arguments,
the argument key when using named routes. You can also pass data back and read via a future as you learned
and the data that's really important can be anything,
strings, ints, objects, whatever you need to pass around.
We also use tabs here and you learned that you can add tabs in different ways, at the bottom of the
appBar or at the bottom of the page and the tabs in the end allow you to switch between different stacks,
so there you can't really pop, the same thing was true for loading a page through the drawer because
instead of pushing a page, you simply go there as an alternative to the current page by clicking a tab.
We also had to look at drawers and I spend some words on dialogs and how you can control those with
the Flutter navigator. Drawers are just side menus which you can open and there again, you switch between
different stacks, at least if you use pushReplacement and drawers, just like dialogs, can also be closed
with navigator pop.
We didn't really use this in this module but we used it earlier in the course. In our personal expenses
app, there
I called navigator of context pop
once we submitted data in our modal bottom sheet to then dismiss this sheet. So pop is not just used
to go back from an existing page you're on but it can also be used to close a modal, like a modal bottom sheet
which you opened, an alert dialog or any other overlay you can put onto your screen with Flutter's help.
With that,
I hope you learned a lot about navigation and of course about Flutter and in the next section, we'll tackle
the issue of state management, which you probably already got a feeling for that
this is kind of a problem, especially in bigger apps.